feat: add QML project annoucement (#402)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/2025-08-02-qml-project.md

Reviewer: follow the CI process (name this file `XXXX-XX-XX-qml-project.md`) and remove the `date` field, replace with `status: draft` instead. Then CI will take over after merge and update it to the merge date.

Reviewer: This is also why the preview link no longer works btw

Author: > This is also why the preview link no longer works btw

Oh no, it's because I have renamed the file since as I thought we would merge this quicker 

I didn't know we have an automation tho, so I let it do it!

> title: Announcing the new shaping of Mixxx 3.0 - take part of the journey toward the future of Open SOurce DJing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Announcing the new shape of Mixxx 3.0 - take part in the future of Open Source DJing
```

Slight language tweak, and optionally a little shorter.

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_overlays_search3.svg)

4. **Interactive Settings and Preferences**: We are introducing more interactive settings for audio routing, controllers, and waveforms, providing a more dynamic and user-friendly experience.

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_audio_routing_advanced.svg)
![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_controller_overview.svg)
![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_controller_pointnclick.svg)
![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_waveform.svg)

## Get Involved

We are calling on developers and testers to join us in this exciting journey. Whether you are a seasoned developer or a passionate DJ looking to contribute, there are many ways you can help:

## For Developers

> - **Code Contributions**: Help us implement the new QML interface, fix bugs, and add new features. Your expertise in Qt/QML will be invaluable as we transition to this new technology.

Reviewer 2: Let's also say that this is a big project that will require a lot of help, and this is a great opportunity to have a big impact on the ground floor of a big effort on a popular project in a way that will give developers valuable experience.  Let's sell people on the opportunities that working on mixxx can open up -- that's how I got good enough to get hired by Google!

Author: I have reworked this point and also added further about that in the `Get Involved` section intro - let me know what you think!

- **Review and Feedback**: Review our code, provide feedback, and suggest improvements. Collaboration is key to our success, and your insights will help shape the future of Mixxx.

## For Testers

- **Beta Testing**: Join our beta testing program to try out the new features and provide feedback. Your input will help us identify and fix issues, ensuring a smooth and stable release.

> - **User Experience Feedback**: Share your thoughts on the new design and user experience. Your feedback will help us refine and improve the interface, making it more intuitive and user-friendly.

Reviewer 2: Can you add a specific request for visually impaired user feedback? 

"We especially want to gather feedback from the visually impaired and blind communities to ensure that the next generation of mixxx is the most accessible it has ever been"

Author: Done

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_audio_routing_advanced.svg)
![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_controller_overview.svg)
![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_controller_pointnclick.svg)
![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mixxxdj/proposals/main/proposals/contents/2024-11-16_qml_interface_setting_waveform.svg)

## Get Involved

We are calling on developers and testers to join us in this exciting journey. Whether you are a seasoned developer or a passionate DJ looking to contribute, there are many ways you can help us.

This significant project offers a fantastic opportunity to make a substantial impact from the ground up. By helping implement the new QML interface, fixing bugs, and adding features, you can shape the future of a widely-used DJ software. Your Qt/QML expertise will be crucial in this transition.

>  Whether building your portfolio or giving back to the open-source community, Mixxx is where your contributions can truly make a difference!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whether you're beefing up your portfolio or just want to give back to the open-source community, contributing to Mixxx is a great way to truly make a difference!

```

This significant project offers a fantastic opportunity to make a substantial impact from the ground up. By helping implement the new QML interface, fixing bugs, and adding features, you can shape the future of a widely-used DJ software. Your Qt/QML expertise will be crucial in this transition.
Whether you're beefing up your portfolio or just want to give back to the open-source community, contributing to Mixxx is a great way to truly make a difference!

## For Developers

- **Code Contributions**: Help us implement the new QML interface, fix bugs, and add new features. Your expertise in Qt/QML will be invaluable as we transition to this new technology.
  > **Pro tip**
  >
  > Contributing to Mixxx enhances your coding skills and connects you with a vibrant community, providing real-world impact and career opportunities. Many contributors have advanced their careers through Mixxx, gaining valuable experience and recognition. Join us to collaborate with passionate developers and open doors to exciting tech industry opportunities.

> - **Review and Feedback**: Review our code, provide feedback, and suggest improvements. Collaboration is key to our success, and your insights will help shape the future of Mixxx.

Reviewer: should we emphasize that this is currently our bottleneck?

Reviewer: We should probably document somewhere what we expect from a review though. I don't want a bunch of 10 min old accounts commenting "LGTM" on a bunch of popular (but unfinished) PRs...

Author: Yeah, it's a good point, but hopefully this doesn't happen. If it doesn't we can always prepare some wiki to point these "reviews" to what a good review is supposed to be.
Ideally, we wouldn't want to discourage new contributor too soon

Reviewer: fully agree, but I also don't want to waste significant time reviewing many bogus reviews. Saying "LGTM" is easy, giving a good review is hard. If you look at the review guide for large scale projects such as Qt, they very much deter people from giving reviews on stuff they are not 200% sure to be qualified for.
